detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a drama
mystery and thriller film called the
game spoilers ahead
watch out and take care nicholas van
orton
a wealthy investment banker in san
francisco is turning 48
but his busy life leaves him very little
time to celebrate his birthday
he spends most of the day working and
even ignores a call from his ex-wife
elizabeth but as he goes through his
appointments
he learns that his younger brother
conrad is in town
so he meets up with him at a local
restaurant conrad who has been in and
out of rehab
presents nicholas with a voucher for a
company called consumer recreation
services as a birthday gift
he avoids telling nicholas any detail
about the gift but he assures his
brother that he will have a profound
life experience if he contacts the
company behind it
that night elizabeth calls nicholas at
home to greet him with a happy birthday
elizabeth worries that he might be going
through a difficult time because of his
father
who died on his 48th birthday after
hanging up
he recalls how his father jumped from
their rooftop and fell to his death near
the front door of their house
the following day nicholas notices a
stall for crs in a building and decides
to visit their office
jim feingold who introduces himself as
the company's vice president of
engineering and data analysis
tells nicholas that the company offers a
customized game for each participant
nicholas is frustrated by the lack of
details about the game but he's become
intrigued
so he fills out the forms and takes the
tests nicholas later calls his brother
and tells him that he already went to
crs
but he is still not convinced if he
should participate in the game
he schedules a dinner with conrad later
that week
after playing squash on his own he
overhears two bankers talking about crs
in the locker room
he buys them a drink in an attempt to
find out more about the mysterious game
the bankers hint that they had fun
playing but won't reveal any details to
him
the following day he receives a call
from crs
telling him that his application for the
game has been rejected
when he gets home he sees a body lying
in front of the house
but he soon finds out that it is just a
wooden clown doll
he takes it inside and discovers a key
hidden in the doll's mouth
he continues to inspect the wooden
figure but he's suddenly startled when
he hears his name mentioned in the news
he turns his attention to the tv when
the news anchor starts to address him
directly
the anchor tells him that the game has
just begun and the key in his hand
is one of the few that he'll get in the
following days however
no one will tell him where he could find
the others and how he could use them
nicholas deduces that someone is
watching him so he starts to look for
the camera
the anchor begins to taunt him but when
the household help ilsa approaches the
room
he goes back to presenting the news
after ilsa leaves
the tv switches to the view from the
camera allowing nicholas to find it
he locates the camera inside the doll's
eyes and takes it apart
the anchor advises nicholas to write
down a 24-hour hotline that he could
call for emergencies
however he warns nicholas against using
it to ask about the objective of the
game
the anchor stresses that figuring the
game out for himself would be his
primary goal
the next day nicholas meets up with
anson bear a publisher who works for his
father
to dismiss him from the company for
failing to meet his expectations
he offers anson a severance package but
he couldn't open his briefcase to take
out the documents
he tries to open it with a crs key but
it wouldn't turn
so he leaves anson's office without
getting his signature
later on nicholas goes to a restaurant
to have dinner with conrad
but his brother is running late while
he's waiting a waitress named christine
accidentally spills a drink on him the
maitre d fires christine and sets up
another table for nicholas
but before he could order some food a
waiter leaves the check on his desk
he looks at the bill and finds a note
inside nicholas goes outside the
restaurant to run after christine to ask
her about the note
as he chases her on the street they come
across a man collapsing on the sidewalk
they call for help and put the man in an
ambulance nicholas wants to go on his
way
but a police officer tells him that he
must come with them to the hospital to
fill up a report
on their way to the hospital he shows
christine the note which says
don't let her get away when they arrive
at the hospital
all the lights suddenly go out as they
find their way out of the building
they see an elevator open up the lift
wouldn't move
so nicholas instinctively tries using
the crs key
the elevator starts moving when he turns
the key but it shuts down before they
could reach the lobby
the pair manages to get out through the
hatch but nicholas realizes he left his
briefcase inside as soon as the elevator
doors close
nicholas later discovers that they are
in the crs building
the alarm soon goes off prompting
christine to run
the crs security team lets an attack dog
lose to chase after them
so they evade it by getting up on the
fire escape with no other way to go back
down
they decide to jump down to a trash bin
to break their fall
they stop by nicholas office to get
cleaned up nicholas calls a cab for
christine and offers to call the
restaurant to hire her back
she turns down the offer and confesses
that she was paid 400
to spill the drink on nicholas as a
prank the following day
nicholas is awakened by a call from his
assistant maria
telling him that his american express
card has arrived at the front desk of
hotel nico
the receptionist informs nicholas that a
young woman had asked for him on the
phone
but he failed to catch her name when
nicholas gets inside his hotel room
he finds numerous lewd pictures and
drugs scattered on the desk
he puts the pills away and rushes out of
the hotel taking the pictures with him
on a briefcase
nicholas notices a car following him on
the road so he turns on a corner and
waits for the other vehicle in an alley
when the car arrives he confronts the
driver and grabs a gun from the man's
shirt
nicholas uses the firearm to shoot the
man's tires thinking that it's a prop
for the game
frightened by the gunshot the man
confesses that he's a private
investigator and someone hired him to
follow nicholas
before nicholas could even find out who
hired him the pi runs away
nicholas confronts anson suspecting that
he is behind the pictures and the pi
that followed him
anson notifies him that he has already
accepted the severance package earlier
that day
and he has decided to go sailing
nicholas realizes that anson had nothing
to do with the pictures
so he apologizes and leaves he asks his
attorney
sam sutherland to investigate crs and
shows him a waiver that he signed
however when sutherland inspects the
document he only sees nicholas signature
after sutherland leaves he asks his
assistant to contact the cab company
that took christine home and finds out
her address
while speaking with his assistant he
notices an envelope containing a window
crank handle
nicholas goes home to find that someone
had broken into the house and vandalized
the rooms
as he speaks with the police conrad
arrives in panic and asked nicholas to
meet him at his car
on the road conrad checks the car for
bugs and tells nicholas that crs is
after him
he claims that he had already paid the
bills for their services but the company
still won't stop harassing him
a tire suddenly blows up forcing
nicholas to park the car on the side of
the street
while nicholas prepares to change the
flat tire conrad finds multiple crs keys
in the glove compartment and accuses his
brother of being a part of the company
the two brothers have a loud argument on
the street until conrad runs away
as he watches his brother from a
distance nicholas suddenly hears a
payphone ring from across the street
when he picks it up he hears a recording
of the argument they had just a few
minutes ago
nicholas decides to leave his car behind
and hail a cab to go back home
along the way he notices that the driver
missed a turn and asks him to stop the
vehicle the driver ignores him and keeps
going despite his demands
when they get close to the docks the
driver jumps out of the cab
leaving nicholas locked inside as the
car sinks below the water
nicholas notices that the window crank
handle is missing from the car door
he remembers the handle that he found on
an envelope and uses it to roll the
window down and swim out of the car
the police try to raid the crs office
the next day after nicholas filed a
complaint against the company
however the office was empty and the
management informs them that the floor
wasn't officially rented out
moreover they can't find any listing for
a company called consumer recreation
service or any variant of its name
that night nicholas goes to christine's
house to talk to her about the pictures
he found in his hotel room
christine wouldn't confirm or deny as
she's the woman in the photo
but she asked nicholas to stay and talk
as christine changes her clothes
nicholas looks around and notices that
the refrigerator is empty and the books
on the shelves are fake
he takes a photo out of a frame and
finds out that it is a cutout from a
magazine
christine realizes that nicholas already
knows that she's part of the game
so she points out that they're being
watched nicholas grabs a fire iron and
uses it to hit the camera on the ceiling
crs operatives soon arrive outside the
house and start shooting at them
christine and nicholas managed to sneak
out of the house and drive away in a car
christine reveals that the company has
already drained his bank accounts using
the passwords that they figured out from
the tests that he took
nicholas calls the swiss bank to confirm
his balance and finds out that it is now
empty
during a rest stop nicholas calls
sutherland to inform him about what
happened to his bank accounts
he tells the lawyer to contact the
police because people from the crs are
trying to kill him
in his rest house nicholas receives a
call from sutherland
who assures him that all his accounts
are still intact christine suggests that
his lawyer is lying and is probably
working with the company
when sutherland asks for his precise
location nicholas drops the call
nicholas soon starts feeling drowsy as
soon as he puts the phone down
as he falls out of consciousness
christine tells him that the company
intercepted his phone calls and learned
his access codes when he checked his
bank accounts
she points out that the company already
has all the information they need
so they don't need nicholas anymore when
he wakes up
nicholas finds himself inside a wooden
box in a cemetery in mexico
having no money or any documentation he
goes to the embassy to seek help
an officer notices nicholas expensive
watch and suggests that he should sell
it and use the money to return to the us
he decides to take the man's advice and
sell the item
which was given to him by his mother on
his 18th birthday
with barely enough money to get back
home he rides the bus to the border and
hitchhikes until he reaches san
francisco
nicholas arrives home only to find it
foreclosed so he decides to break in and
stay the night
in the morning he grabs a book from a
shelf and some cash hidden away in a jar
he goes to a hotel to find conrad but
the manager says that his brother has
been sent to a hospital in napa due to a
nervous breakdown
having no other options nicholas meets
with elizabeth to borrow her car
while they're talking in a restaurant he
sees jim feingold on tv and realizes
that he's an actor crs hired for the
game
armed with a gun he hit in a book
nicholas tracks jim down to a zoo and
threatens him until he agrees to take
him to crs
jim whose real name is lionel fisher
tells nicholas that the company owns the
whole building and they only move their
office from floor to floor
fischer expresses his doubts that
nicholas will ever get his money back
but the banker insists that he wants to
meet the people behind the company
when they arrive at the building fisher
leads nicholas to the cafeteria
recognizing a few familiar faces
nicholas approaches christine and tells
her to come with him
armed security guards arrive and start
shooting towards them
hitting fisher and other actors at the
cafeteria christine and nicholas run up
the stairs to the roof
locking the door behind them nicholas
threatens to shoot christine unless she
gets on the radio and calls for someone
in charge
christine argues that no one will appear
because they don't care about her
when he points the gun in her face she
realizes that the firearm didn't come
from the company
she gets on the radio warns the guards
that nicholas is armed with a real gun
christine urges nicholas to put the gun
down and starts admitting that he is
still in the game
when nicholas points out that he saw the
guards kill fisher a few minutes ago
christine reveals that the incident was
staged as the guards arrive at the door
christine explains that there was always
a safety net when nicholas gets into
dangerous situations
when he rode the taxi a diver was
waiting when nicholas almost drowned at
the pier
when he went to her house the guards who
chased them were firing blanks
she finally tells nicholas that the
people behind the door are waiting with
a bottle of champagne to celebrate his
birthday party
nicholas refuses to believe christine
and points the gun at the door as the
guards use an electric saw to cut
through the lock
as soon as the door opens nicholas
shoots his weapon hitting conrad on the
chest
as conrad lies down on the ground
nicholas notices fisher who is very much
alive
fischer checks for conrad's pulse and
confirms that he's dead
appalled by what he's done nicholas gets
up on the ledge and jumps off the
building
memories of his father and his childhood
flash in his mind as he falls
he then goes through a glass roof and
lands on a giant airbag upon reaching
the ground
as the med team helps him up conrad
approaches him and greets him with a
happy birthday
he starts enjoying the party as soon as
the emotions from his nerve-wracking
ordeal begin to wear out
when he finds out that christine was
leaving the party he rushes out to say
goodbye
christine reveals that her real name is
claire she tells nicholas that she has
to catch a plane to australia for
another gig starting in a week
nicholas asks claire to have dinner with
him when she returns
knowing that she won't be back for a
while claire invites him to have coffee
at the airport instead
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching
[Music]